chore(learn): audit front end libraries (#41179)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/jquery/delete-your-jquery-functions.md

assert(code.match(/\$\(document\)\.ready\(function\(\)\s?\{/g));
```

> You should leave your `document ready function` closing `})` intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should leave the `document.ready` function's closing `})` intact.
```
